# CS230
The Gaming Room is a game company that created the game Draw It or Lose It which is loosely based on the 1980s television game Win, Lose, or Draw. The game is currently only available as an Android app. The goal of the project is to create a software design document for creating a web based version of the game. I think I did the best on the Domain model part of the project as well as the recommendations part of the document. Working through a design document helped me learn about the various considerations and steps that go into planning out a software project. Learning in what order the planning stage is done and what decisions there are to be made was a benefit of working through the project. If I were to redo one part of the project, I would redo the evaluation part. I think that I could have gone into more depth in the various categories for each operating sytsem. I thought about how the software is intended to be used and try to design software so that it could serve those functions as efficiently as possible. Thinking about the user is always important because without the user, there is no reason for the project/software. Unless a project is solely for the purpose of learning or a portfolio, the user is the most important part of the project as they are the very reason for the project in the first place. As cyber secuirty is such an important things, I think that the best approach to designing software is to design with security best practices in mind and then with efficiency. Keeping your software secure builds trust in users while making it as efficient as possible makes it desirable as well. To make a project as effecient as possible, I would use the simplest and fastest methods possible to deliver functionality. And of course packaging it all in a desirable user interface and experience is also part of improving efficiecny. This last part is especially important for games, like Draw It or Lose It.
